This room is like a red carpet Hollywood hallway.
I say we go to the movie exhibit next.
I see some stars, where's my name?
Wait, where's your name?
My name's probably on the biggest star
on the other side of the room.
Oh, oh my gosh.
I feel like we just walked onto a movie set.
There's so many creators make full-on movies,
TV shows, and music videos on Roblox.
This is pretty cool.
The Last Guest full movie.
The Bacon Dictatorship has caused fear
and destruction on our people for far too long.
The Last Guest is something that every Robloxian
should watch at least once.
Oh, I know this one.
This is a Roblox music video and there's so many bacon hairs in this video, it's crazy.